website: minor edits to "Installing" pages and "Go SDK" page (#1139)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/api-clients/go-sdk.mdx

First, we need to create a client from the Boundary API and set the address to reach Boundary:

```go
// The default address points to the default dev mode address
client, err := api.NewClient(nil)
if err != nil {

>   fmt.Printf("ERROR: %v\n", err.Error())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return err
```

method](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/blob/main/api/authmethods/authenticate.go)
uses a basic `map[string]interface{}` to pass credential information, in order
to eventually support multiple auth method types. For this example, we assume

> you're using the password auth method, and so we create a credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you're using the password auth method, and so we create an attributes
```

We can use the credentials object we created to execute `Authenticate()` on this client:

```go
authenticationResult, err := amClient.Authenticate(context.Background(), "ampw_1234567890", "login", credentials)
if err != nil {

>   fmt.Printf("ERROR: %v\n", err.Error())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return err
```

```go
// pass this client to any other resource specific API resources
client.SetToken(fmt.Sprint(authenticationResult.Attributes["token"]))
```

Putting this all together:

```go

> package main

Reviewer: I don't think this should be structured as a complete program -- it's not. It doesn't do anything useful, and it's not fully structured -- `main` doesn't even return. The example is meant as integration advice within a program.

Author: Makes sense.  I will update to reflect that goal.
